Title: |
Once upon a time there was a little girl
|
Date: | Friday, February 17, 2012 at 8:49PM|
Paragraph:|
Once upon a time there was a little girl living in a marina. After living on board and being on the move for most of her life, this little girl, Clea, became very independent. She goes from boats to boats, knocking on their hull and having a chat. If she disappears for too long I go looking for her as we never know when you live on the waters edge. It is how, one day, I found Clea on “Magic”, a house boat at the beginning of our jetty. She was sitting having tea and cake and a good conversation with Cathy and Mike, the owners. Since, they became very good friends of hers and Clea goes in and out of Magic as she does on Merlin, our home. They also have a little dog called Gezmo, but nicknamed Gizzy by Clea. She goes and pats him, takes him for walks and plays endlessly with him. We find this great: the advantage of a pet, without the inconvenient!
|Image: |1|
Paragraph:|
Few weeks ago, they gave her a bike, so she could learn to ride, this is one thing the boat kids are not good at! Clea was so happy, going up and down the jetty with her bike, waking up sometimes at 5am to try some more riding. …until the day she fell into the river with it. She looked behind and didn’t think of stopping so she went for an unwanted swim in the river and the bike sunk in the mucky waters. Fortunately she let the bike go, as she was taught. Victor found it a few days later with a grapnel while he was practicing his surviving skills. After some needed oil treatment and a good shower the bike was Clea’s best friend again. She was more cautious and was only riding on the pavement. However, the other day she left her bike close to the edge of the jetty and went to pat Gizzy. She came back telling me that “her bike disappeared”. We are not too sure of what happened. It might have gone for another dip by itself when the wake from a City Cat shook our jetty. This time the grapnel didn’t do any magic and we are again looking for a cheap second hand bike!
|